---
slug: 3.0-release
title: v3.0
author: Vorlias
author_url: https://github.com/vorlias
author_image_url: https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/10781792?s=400&v=4
tags: [update]
---

Welcome to the release of v3.0 of RbxNet.

A lot of these changes are based on feedback from the users of RbxNet, as well as some other changes I've wanted to make to RbxNet for a while.

## New additions
- Added `Net.CreateDefinitions(...)` as an alias for `Net.Definitions.Create(...)`
- Added `Net.Util` namespace for utility types for Net.
- Added (finally) `Net.Definitions.ExperienceBroadcastEvent` - Way to communicate between multiple servers in the same experience. (using `MessagingService`)

## Changes since v2.x
- By default, remotes on the server are automatically generated
- The old legacy `Net.Server` and `Net.Client` API has been reduced to just the objects.
- (Breaking change) The second argument of `CreateDefinitions` or `Definitions.Create` is now a configuration object.
    This includes:
    - `ServerGlobalMiddleware` - The global middleware to apply to all remotes
    - `ServerAutoGenerateRemotes` - Manual control whether or not the framework generates remotes automatically at runtime on the server. Set this false if you want to preserve the v2.1.x behaviour.
    - `ClientGetShouldYield` - Whether or not `<definition>.Client.Get` should yield until the remote exists - otherwise error. Set this false if you want to preserve v2.1.5's behaviour.

## Removals
- The legacy `Serialization` API. This was never publically available, however was removed finally in this version. It might be brought back later once the design is properly figured out.
- Legacy functions in `Net.Server` and `Net.Client` related to remote creation/fetching.
